first post (#1)
JustineSara/blogging: posts/20240920.md

Hello there o/

We are on the morrow of [Heart of Clojure 2024] and I might
have been influenced into starting up a blog

> ... or whatever that will turn out to be\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... or whatever this will turn out to be\
```

<-- me anticipating hidding under the duvet

Finally, something else has stuck with me from before the conference,

> something [Gary] said to me about his time blogging : because he was writing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
something [Gary] said to me about his time blogging: because he was writing
```

> every week, he was on the look-out for interesting things to research

Reviewer: ```suggestion
every week, he was on the lookout for interesting things to research
```

and share.\
(by the way, [Gary's blog] is [here][Gary's blog])\
This sounds fun and interesting and learning and so I want to try and

> be on the look-out for topics to write and share about.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be on the lookout for topics to write and share about.\
```
